what is up guys at his own Oh from ona
tech here with a brand new video and in
this video I will be giving you guys my
favorite upcoming smartphones for 2014
before I begin I just want to let you
guys know that i did get myself a new
mic so if audiences why i had a lot of
people complaining about my audio
quality and honestly it wasn't that good
in the first place so i did have to i do
agree with you guys but it was pretty
crummy and I will be having a review of
the mic that i'm using right now so
audio technica ATR 2100 and a review
will be coming up later this week so
stay tuned for that and so without any
further ado let us begin with the video
my favorite upcoming smartphones for
2014 so first on the list is the LG g3
which is LG's new flagship phone that's
coming out this month actually an LG has
not officially announced a lot of things
so there's not much so we know about the
phone but what we do know is that it
will it will house a 5.5 inch screen
with a 2k display and over 500 pixels
per inch making it a lot better than
apples Retina display on their current
flagship phones and other apple products
like i said before LG is being really
secretive with their new g3 so there's
not much that we do know but many
speculate that it will have a 3,000
milliamp hour battery and a very slim
form factor and the others still
speculate that there will be two
variants of the phone which is why they
might be to actually release days that
LG is having on me 27 and 28 so maybe
one will come out on the twenty-seventh
and the other variant out on the
twenty-eighth but until then that's as
much as we know about the phone but it's
a pretty interesting phone considering
that it's going to have a 2k to swing
and a huge screen to house so following
the g3 we have the apple iphone 6 or as
some have been calling it the iphone air
and unlike the g3 rumors and concepts
have been like floating around the
entire internet filled with the iphone 6
or the iphone air and i think it's
pretty idea but say that the iphone 6
will come in two variants the 4.7 inch
screen and the
over 5 inch screen for the people who
really love pixels and where would app
will really be without thinning out
their new flagship phone so I assume
that the new flagship will be a lot
thinner than their lives of generation
fives and me personally I'm not an apple
enthusiast and I've never really owned
an iphone as my primary device but
considering that the iphone 6 is
actually increasing their screen size
and I love pixels I really love pixels I
think actually might consider the iphone
6 at this time just because of the new
screen size it's definitely something to
check out for 2014 so from here on out
is where the smartphones really get
interesting and next on my list is the
one plus one and many have been naming
the support man oppo for several reasons
but i'm frankly fine with that i will
say it does look like the Oppo 57 a
because they do have similar specs like
the 1080p five point at 5.5 inch screen
and also the 2.5 gigahertz quad-core
processor and they also have similar
designs but why would I put this on my
list and not defined seven or defined
seven eight well that's specifically
because of the price the 16 gigabyte
version of the one plus one is only two
hundred and ninety nine dollars and for
50 bucks more you can get the 64
gigabyte version for only three hundred
and fifty dollars and that is insane
specs for the price and I just hope that
one plus or whatever company this his
decides to go to sprint just so I can
get this as my daily driver because my
phone right now it's not cutting it and
the last smartphone on this list that I
am really excited about for this year is
Google's Project are and I do have to
set the record straight that it's
actually not going to be released this
year but actually in in January of 2015
but it's been in a lot of production and
publicity this year so I think it's only
fair to include it into this list and
for those of you don't know what project
are is it's basically the idea of foam
blocks we have one based phone but
instead you can add an upgrade parts
however you like without actually taking
it to the shop or
using a screwdriver and getting like
into the Nitty Gritty part of the phone
which is pretty revolutionary and it's
sort of like having a gaming computer
because you can build it yourself in the
palm of your hand and I think that's
pretty cool which is why it's number one
on this list and in my opinion this is
what I think innovative is not other
stuff excuse me so that's it for today's
video guys if you enjoyed it or if you
had some sort of foam that I've been put
in my list just let me know in the
comments below I'll try to reply to all
the comments I can thank you guys again
for watching and be sure to check out my
mic review that i will have uploaded by
this time next week or sometime during
the week if i get to recording and
editing it thanks again guys for
everything and i'll see you guys later
peace